So is it still a working farm?
Oh yeah, very much so, yes.
Lots of sheep being tail shorn at the moment.
Oh really?
No, Ev keeps the sheep very well.
And yeah, still a very active farm.
And he came back from his travels and he's been working on the farm ever since,
and making as best he can.
I mean farming is very difficult for all farmers,
and these times aren't any better than any other I think at the moment,
with all the uncertainties that exist with both Brexit and foreign markets really.
So is it just sheep?
Just a sheep farm.
It used to be mainly sheep, but Diana's uncle who farmed it before they moved there,
he had cattle as well.
And there are many tales to tell about Uncle Jack who was the oldest son and Randevanne.
And one of the fondest, I never met him, he died before I came on the scene here,
but one of the fondest memories that people like Daitl and Arnall or Bernie,
who's also a cousin to Diana, down the road,
they will tell these tales of how he had a bull, a really big bull,
and the bull used to be put to cows locally,
but the bull got so big because he fed him so much,
they had to demolish the barn to get him out.
And apparently Jack was a big bull of a man as well,
so they took after his owner.
Brilliant. So how many acres is Divana?
It's about 250 I think.
So there's the Divana house, which is listed you say?
Yes, that's the Grey Two Star listed building, a very important building in Wales.
I've never seen it, I must go up and have a look from the outside.
And then, sorry, excuse me, your barn that you live in?
Yeah, just at the back, which was a building which was, well it was a pole barn,
and then it was called a French barn and put up in the 1960s,
built of larch that they felled on the farm itself.
And how long has Divana been in that family?
Oh, they've had it 200 years.
Yeah, they've had it 200 years. The house itself was built around 1650.
They can't be precise about that, but we think it's about 350 or more years old now,
370 years old now, time goes on.
And substantially the same house inside.
It's got a lot of its own same form. Some of the original windows are still there.
Some of the original doors, they've protected them with porches now,
but the doors are still there, the heavy braced doors.
And of course the upstairs courtroom, which is where they have a little court leet there.
So was it built as a farmhouse or was it built for the...?
No, it was a hunting lodge.